[CAS-1060] Document custom events (#1986)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/02-client/04-events.md

val disposable: Disposable = client.subscribe { /* ... */ } 
disposable.dispose()
```

## Custom events

Custom events allow you to build more complex interactions within a channel or with a user. Users connected to a channel, either as a watcher or member, can send custom events and have them delivered to all users watching the channel.

You can send a custom event using the `ChannelClient::sendEvent` call:

```kotlin
val channelClient = client.channel("messaging", "general")

// Send a custom event to all users watching the channel
channelClient.sendEvent(
    eventType = "friendship_request",
    extraData = mapOf("text" to "Hey there, long time no see!")
).enqueue { result ->
    if (result.isSuccess) {
        val chatEvent: ChatEvent = result.data()
    } else {
        // Handle result.error()
    }
}
```

:::note

> Custom events are enabled by default on all channel types, you can disable them using the Dashboard or the API the same way as you would manage other channel features (ie. replies, URL previews, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom events are enabled by default on all channel types. You can disable them using the [Dashboard](https://dashboard.getstream.io/) or the API.
```

:::

> You can also listen to custom events by subscribing for `UnknownEvent`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can listen to custom events by subscribing for `UnknownEvent`:
```
